Wrapping Up
The Metasploit Framework is valuable in
almost every phase of a penetration test,
including passive and active
information gathering,
vulnerability research and
development, client-side attacks,
post-exploitation, and much more.
In this module, we walked
through some of the primary
features of the Metasploit Framework.
However, with such an overwhelming
number of modules and features,
it’s easy to get lost.
To help solidify these techniques,
we strongly recommend
that you thoroughly complete
the exercises in this module
and refer to the free Offensive Security
online course, Metasploit Unleashed,
for much more in-depth
training and information.